captain sellers and good friends from
Thompson
it is our delight to be able to come and
share with you to celebrate 300 years
sorry
but we celebrates because this is
whitson when the Holy Spirit comes and
we believe that he is present with us as
we share together in Thanksgiving so on
behalf of and once the bride and
lee-enfield citable back we are so
grateful of your welcome and response
we're very saddened when we hear
tremendous numbers like 100,000 people
lost in Burma and we're anxious are any
natural calamities like that happen but
you know during World War two there were
a number of places in Russia where a
tremendous carnage took place the
citizens lost six hundred and sixty
eight thousand people who were killed or
died of starvation and among those
people in Leningrad was a young man
Mitri Shostakovich and he had already
written quite an amount of music and to
celebrate and commemorate the fact that
they had calmed through on stone
he wrote beautiful dances for people to
be able to
and celebrate and so we had one of those
two instances the youth dance and the
song lyric Leningrad
fast furious upon Shostakovich folk
dances